Task 2.a 
We used the acceptance mode in Spin since this is a liveness property, to check that both Alice and Bob execute fully eventually
Task 2.b 
Weak fairness ensures that any action that remains continuously enabled it will eventually
be executed / scheduled. But in this model Alice and Bob  are blocking on the 
synchronous communication, therefor no action is continuously enabled. Therefor 
weak fairness does not change the outcome of the liveliness property. 
Task 3.a 
We once again used the acceptance mode in spin since the property is a liveness property.
Task 3.b 
We did not run spin with weak fairness, so with weak fairness the property might have held.
Task 3.c 
Looking at the trail, the Introder is performing a type of replay attack 
where it forges a message msg1 and sends to Bob, and while Bob prepares a message. the Introdes does the same for Alice, 
thus interrupting the three-way handshake to start a conversation. 
Task 6.a 
Used acceptance since we are testing for liveliness. 
We used acceptance cycles because we are verifying a liveness property.
Task 6.b 
Weak fairness once again makes it so that the check will pass if it eventually executes, and it requires the procedure to be continuously executable. 
Weak fairness ensures that if a process remains continuously executable, it will eventually be scheduled. 
An intuitive example would be a traffic light that is always green for a single car; weak fairness ensures 
that the car will eventually go. A promela example would be of two processes where each one has a guard that 
is always true ( :: true -> ), where weak fairness ensures that one process does not occupy the CPU forever 
and lets both processes execute. 
Strong fairness says that if a process is not permanently disabled, or in other words, enabled infinitely 
often, the process will eventually execute. An intuitive example could again be the traffic light, but this 
time it switches on and off infinitely often, where strong fairness ensures that it will eventually switch 
to green (from red) and enable cars to move. A promela example would be similar to the previous, but where 
the guards conditions flip / switch for each execution: 

bool toggle = false;
active proctype A() {
  do
  :: toggle -> break /*enabled when true*/
  od
}
active proctype B() {
  do
  :: toggle = !toggle /*flips*/
  od
}


Task 6.c 
propAB: Since only Alice have implemented awareness for the Intruder, 
she is aware that she is talking to the Intruder; but Bob thinks she is talking to him. 
propA: Spin does not report a violation of propA in this execution because Alice did not think she was talking to Bob.
propB: Holds, since Bob thinks he talked to Alice and the intruder does not know Bob’s nonce.
Task 7:
The patch works because it prevents the intruder from successfully impersonating another principal and thereby blocks replay attacks that previously caused the protocol to fai
This fixed the flaw of step 2 where there was no identification of the sender Y. 
Task 8:
While we can never be 100% sure that the protocol is safe, due to weak fairness as well as the possibility that there could be more 
potential violations not accounted for in the ltl protocols, we are still pretty confident in our solution given the circumstances and
limitations of spin, we would say we are perhaps 80-90% sure.

